Add more template examples in Laravel/Symfony docs (#31)
railsware/mailtrap-php: src/Bridge/Laravel/README.md

```bash
php artisan make:mail WelcomeMail
```

> After that, you can configure your Email as you which. Below will be an example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After that, you can configure your Email as you wish. Below will be an example.
```

php artisan send-welcome-mail
```

> ### Send Template Email
> To send 'Template Email', you should use the native library and its methods,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Send using Mailtrap Email Template
To send using Mailtrap Email Template, you should use the native library and its methods,
```
